even having a miracle value especially
when you are the one doing the honors
thanks to oh uh a lot of Dimes but we
reserved this dot these knives for a BCS
champion or Simmons going to play in a
conference championship it's a
but he's not done how about this
Colin Kaepernick's simply said he
couldn't work your progressions I love
that is eyes for the light kids keep
clear move comes back was phenomenal
this football game
all those quarterbacks on dimes are
nickel plate for a championship for the
conference next week
Aniela I get to this after and it's
gonna take for an effort to everybody
seen my balls bowing down people see
your boss about when you're standing up
trustus